# Croatian-Kuna
Final Project by Henry Carver, Ricky Lin, and Kyle Tau (Period 2)
	
For our final project, we will create a simulation of the game Texas Hold 'Em. The 
player will play against an AI controlled dealer. The simulation will proceed like a normal game 
of Texas Hold 'Em. The player will be able to see their own two cards and the cards being dealt on
the table. Both the player and the AI's hand will be sorted and the code will look for the highest
value hand that can be created. Then, based on their hand, the player will be able to make betting
choices like fold, raise, bet, and other conventional Texas Hold 'Em moves. The dealer will bet 
according to their hand and may sometimes trick the player by bluffing and using other mind tricks.
The game will end when the player runs out of money. The player can keep on playing until they run
out of money. The program will keep track of how much money the player has. We also plan on a 
multiplayer feature involving screen clearing mechanisms to clear the screen and setting a timer
for each user. 

	In order to run our program, run the Woo.java file. Then the game begins. Starting off,
you will have two cards in your hand and 3 cards on the table. After looking at what type of hand
you will be able to make, you would have to type into the terminal your next move: Check or Bet.
If you bet, you will then have to input the amount of money you want to bet which cannot be larger
than what you have in your balance. After the initial round, another card will be added to the
table and you would have 3 options now: Raise, Fold, Call. Folding means you concede and the round
will end and a new round will start. Call simply raise your bet to match the AI's bet. If you 
raise, you would have to type in how much you want to raise the bet to which cannot be lower than
the money that's already placed forth. This continues until the river is complete and both players
reveal their hand, determining who wins and loses. After that, another round begins and the cycle
repeats until you lose all your money.   
